Satisfactions of Airlines
 
Introduction:
This is a data talking about studying measures passenger satisfaction with airline like seat, Wi-Fi, foods, handling of checked baggage, inflight Entertainment and treatment of crew. it will help organization to focuses on measures which passenger satisfies and face other measures passenger doesn’t satisfy.

Data Sources:
Download and work on this data from KAGGLE
https://www.kaggle.com/

Data number of Columns and Rows:

129880 Row
23 Column

Data Analysis Questions:
1)	What is Description numbers of Flight Distance Compared of Satisfaction?
2)	What is numbers of each Gender reserving each type of Class are Satisfied?
3)	What is the Avg. Age reserving each type of Class and their Satisfactions?
4)	What Customer Type are with each Class is Satisfied?
5)	What number of each Gender is on each Customer Type are Satisfied?
6)	What is the Type of Travel numbers with each Customer Type and their Satisfaction?
7)	What is the Avg. Age is counted as Loyal Customer?
8)	What is the Avg. Age is counted as disloyal Customer?
9)	What is number of each Gender are Satisfied with Type of Travel?
10)	What Age is Satisfied with each Type of Travel?
11)	Which Gender by Age is Most Satisfied?
12)	How much Customer Types are Satisfied?
Description of Data Columns:
1.	satisfaction: The overall satisfaction level of the customer. It is a categorical variable with options such as "satisfied" or "neutral or dissatisfied."
2.	Gender: The gender of the customer.
3.	Customer Type: Whether the customer is a "loyal customer" or a "disloyal customer."
4.	Age: The age of the customer.
5.	Type of Travel: The type of travel, such as "Personal Travel" or "Business travel."
6.	Class: The class of travel, such as "Eco" or "Business."
7.	Flight Distance: The distance of the flight.
8.	Seat comfort: Customer rating of seat comfort.
9.	Departure/Arrival time convenient: Customer rating of convenience of departure/arrival times.
10.	Food and drink: Customer rating of food and drink quality.
11.	Gate location: Customer rating of gate location.
12.	Inflight wifi service: Customer rating of inflight Wi-Fi service.
13.	Inflight entertainment: Customer rating of inflight entertainment options.
14.	Online support: Customer rating of online customer support.
15.	Ease of Online booking: Customer rating of ease of online booking.
16.	On-board service: Customer rating of on-board service.
17.	Leg room service: Customer rating of leg room service.
18.	Baggage handling: Customer rating of baggage handling.
19.	Check-in service: Customer rating of check-in service.
20.	Cleanliness: Customer rating of cabin cleanliness.
21.	Online boarding: Customer rating of online boarding process.
22.	Departure Delay in Minutes: The delay in minutes for departure.
23.	Arrival Delay in Minutes: The delay in minutes for arrival.



